Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, most of the time you're going have contact areas and this area is going to cross you up, is going
to stop you from walking.
Okay.
So now this lecture I want to show you on the how to stop such errors from crashing your app.
But radar is going to show that error in your debug console.
Okay, then it doesn't stop you from crashing.
All you just have to do is visit this binder that's a see this.
You must have run.
You'll have else.
You're going to see something else.
Okay, now click on this.
Then you're going to see breakpoints or crosstalk or just look for a way to access this breakpoints
and defaults.
All this are going to be checked.
So make sure you uncheck this.
Okay.
I checked this as well.
Now you're still going to get an error if you have any issue.
But this time around, it's normal across your app, but it's just going to try this error to your debug
console.
Okay, your the book also.
So there's no longer going to crash job.
Okay.
You can see we have this errors over here, but it has nothing to do with our app.
Okay?
Okay, guys.
See you soon.